//Write the requirements below:
The website should contain heading tabs like:

1. Home : The page where our main website would be shown .
2. About us : The page where info about our group "Taxila" would be shown and further this page can have sub sections like the operation team and the technical team etc.
3. Questions ?: This page can have different questions that the visitors generally have about our group.  
4. Contact us : Its a simple page where we can give them contacting information.
5. Gallery: This page will have images and videos of our group and events .
///////
6. we can even try to make that search option in our website if thats possible. It will definetly help our visitors to serach for something in our website.
7. we can have a post comment field in which comments could be shown.
8. After we are done with our main heading section we can think about the News section which is very important for our website as your group would be conducting different events and we have to show those events in the News Section.
9. After completing the news section we can have a look at the side bar section which would contain  different Events , it would be good to keep these events on the sidebar as we dont want to overcrowd the top tabs.
///////
10. Feedback forms!!
11. Event description,means  advantage and which skill will enhance through the events
12. Event results
13. Notifications like hike
14. FAQ (Frequently asked Question) by visitors and the answer can be given by any member.Example- Shiksha.com , Quora
15. Follow us on Facebook,Instagram.
16. Android app on Google Play.
17. Event schedule.
18. Achievements ( Intercollege competition) 
19. Timeline
20. monthly quiz
21. registrations for events
22. online event column : for events like online writting competition and quiz 
23. A column for posting blogs . which we can response on..
24.Rating for site Twitter 
25.Posts
26.Contact us
27.Upcoming events
28.Query:related to any event, timing etc.. 
29.Feedback 
30.There shoud be a Youtube channel where all the videos of the competitions will be uploaded which we can directly stream on our website
31.An open library where we can put up the links of all those book which we find intresting and can categorize them for either Tech,Fiction psychology etc etc..
32.A portal where other societies can contact us and query column so that they can ask us for help
